Master
Master, are you alright?
Wang Zongchen is a tiger
You are a fourth grade
For this kid
He actually committed the following crime and started with me, who is worthless
You still have the face to be formal
You indulge your son
Robbed my apprentice's training resources several times
I don't want to be indiscriminate
There is a deprivation of business-level real translators
Which of these scandals did you do?
That's right.
I see you are impatient
Promise waste
Occupy the seat of the sect's true inheritance for many years without an inch
He should have known the identity of his true disciple long ago
And he's even more outrageous today
Offended the Tianpeng Sword Sect
The Three Deadly Sins of Canglan Gate Yunxiao Sect
As soon as I see it, it should go straight to the sky
Demoted to martial arts
I see who dares
If you don't take the real identity
Only the sect master has this qualification
It's not up to you, the old nun, to decide
Don't you just want my Managawa seat?
If Zhao Longfeng has the guts, let him get it himself
Really?